docs: add Sec Advisories 016 + 017 DOC-2884 (#10618)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/security-bulletins/security-advisories/security-advisories.md

:::

> ## Security Advisory 017 - Debug/pprof Interface Exposure on Port 9443

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security Advisory 017 - `debug/pprof` Interface Exposure on Port 9443
```

### Recommended Actions

Customers are encouraged to take the following actions:

- Restrict network access to port 9443 to required Kubernetes control-plane components only.
- Review firewall rules, security groups, and network policies to ensure the endpoint is not accessible from untrusted
  networks.
- Block direct user or workload access where possible.
- Apply network segmentation controls.
- Monitor for unexpected access attempts to `/debug/pprof/*` endpoints.
- Upgrade to a fixed release once remediation becomes available.

### Fix Availability

Spectro Cloud is currently backporting the remediation to supported Palette 4.8.x and 4.7.x releases. This advisory will
be updated with the applicable fixed versions and upgrade guidance once those releases are available.

## Security Advisory 016 - Upload Service Authentication Bypass

- **Release Date**: June 4, 2026
- **Last Updated**: June 4, 2026
- **Severity**: CRITICAL

### Summary

Spectro Cloud has identified and remediated a vulnerability that could allow unauthenticated users to
[upload content bundles](../../clusters/edge/local-ui/cluster-management/upload-content-bundle.md) to Edge hosts under

> certain conditions. The issue was corrected in release 4.9.14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certain conditions. The issue was corrected in Palette version 4.9.14.
```
